docs/README.md, before:

# Help Center
## Table Of Contents
1. [Registration and Login](#registration-and-login)
2. [Home](#home)
3. [RSVP Events](#rsvp-events)
4. [Calendar](#calendar)
5. [Profile](#profile)
6. [Create Events](#create-events)
7. [Sign Out](#sign-out)

## Register and Login
A guest user is limited to only basic functionality. For extended functionality you must create an account on the register page. To create an account: <br>
1. Navigate to the register page
2. Enter in your name, username, email, and password - ensure that this password is secure
3. Tap the register button

Congratulations, you have now created your very own WhatsOn@UP account! To login to this account, navigate to the log in page - where you will enter your login credentials

## Search for events
To search for various events, you first have to navigate to the the home page. The home tab is where you can browse the various upcoming (and ongoing) events in your institution, alongside events you have saved in the past.

To search for upcoming events:
1. Click on the search button near the top of the screen
2. Enter an event that you would like to search for
3. Optionally, you can tap on one of the _category cards_ presented, to find events of a certain theme
4. Filter events based on their attributes

## RSVP Events

## Calendar

## Profile

## Create Events

## Sign Out

Commit message:

added content to View Calendar and Manage Profile settings sections

docs/README.md, after:

# Help Center
## Table Of Contents
1. [Registration and Login](#registration-and-login)
2. [Home](#home)
3. [RSVP Events](#rsvp-events)
4. [Calendar](#calendar)
5. [Profile](#profile)
6. [Create Events](#create-events)
7. [Sign Out](#sign-out)

## Register and Login
A guest user is limited to only basic functionality. For extended functionality you must create an account on the register page. To create an account: <br>
1. Navigate to the register page
2. Enter in your name, username, email, and password - ensure that this password is secure
3. Tap the register button

Congratulations, you have now created your very own WhatsOn@UP account! To login to this account, navigate to the log in page - where you will enter your login credentials

## Search for events
To search for various events, you first have to navigate to the the home page. The home tab is where you can browse the various upcoming (and ongoing) events in your institution, alongside events you have saved in the past.

To search for upcoming events:
1. Click on the search button near the top of the screen
2. Enter an event that you would like to search for
3. Optionally, you can tap on one of the _category cards_ presented, to find events of a certain theme
4. Filter events based on their attributes

## RSVP Events
In the WhatsOn@UP app, a registered user is able to RSVP to publicly available events, and events they were directly invited to. To RSVP an event
1. Navigate to the Home page
2. Select an event that you want attend
3. Click on the RSVP button
4. Navigate to the RSVP tab to see the added event

## View Calendar
In the app Calendar a user is able to see a different view of upcoming events, selecting an event that they want more details about.

## Manage Profile
You are able to view and manage your profile details, along with adding profile images of your choice. To achieve this
1. Tap on `more` in the navbar - This will open a popup with various options
2. From the list of options, tap `settings`
3. In the settings menu tap the `profile` option
3. Alternatively, you can access the profile page by tapping your profile icon from the home page
5. Once in the profile page, select `edit profile` button
6. Once you've edited you're details, tap the `save` button to save your changes


## Create Events

## Sign Out
